doc: add hint about restarting computer. (#492)
leanprover-community/leanprover-community.github.io: templates/install/project.md

* If you have not logged in since you installed Lean and mathlib, then
  you may need to first type `source ~/.profile` or

>   `source ~/.bash_profile` depending on your OS. (or simply restart your computer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `source ~/.bash_profile` depending on your OS.
  (If you are on Windows, and don't know how to do this, another option is to restart your computer.)
```
